In this video we're talking about how to find the multiples of a number.
And we've been asked to find the first five multiples of each of the numbers we've been given the multiples
of a number are just the numbers that can be divided evenly by the number we've been given.
In other words what I want to do to find the multiples of a number are multiply the given number in
this case one by one by two by three by four and by five because we've been asked to find the first
five multiples.
So I'm going to say one times one is equal to 1 one times two is equal to two one times three is equal
to three one times four is equal to four and one times five is equal to five.
Which tells me that one two three four and five these results I got here are multiples of the number
one.
And I know that that's true because I can divide all of these numbers evenly by 1 so when I say 1 divided
by one I get one which is a whole number answer when I say two divided by one I get two which is a whole
number answer three divided by 1 gives me 3 4 divided by 1 gives me 4 or 5 divided by 1 gives me 5.
I get home number answers.
So if I want to find the first five multiples of three I just want to say three times one three times
two three times three three times four and three times five.
And the results I get are 3 6 9 12 and 15.
So 3 6 9 12 and 15 are the first five multiples of three.
I know that 3 6 9 12 and 15 will all divide evenly by three.
In fact I can say three divided by one is three.
Six divided by two is three.
Nine divided by three is three 12 divided by four is three and 15 divided by five is three.
Or I could say three divided by three gives me one Six divided by three gives me two.
Nine divided by three gives me three.
12 divided by three gives me four and 15 divided by three gives me five.
So we're just looking for the multiples of that number.
Same thing here.
I can just say 12 times one is 12 12 times two is 24 12 times three is 36 12 times for us 48 and 12
times 5 is 60.
So all of these are multiples of the number 12.
And I could keep going on to infinity.
I could say 12 times 100 is twelve hundred and twelve hundred is a multiple of 12 as long as I can take
the multiple and divided by the original number and get a whole number answer.
I know that this number is a multiple of this number.
So finding the first five multiples of 20 we say 20 times one is 20 times two is forty times three is
60 times for is 80 times five is 100.
And these are all multiples of 20.